README.md, before:

# Helios

**Helios** is a library used to transform `Json` text into a model and vice versa. 
It's based on a part of the [Jawn Parser](https://github.com/non/jawn) built on `Arrow`, 
a Functional companion to Kotlin's Standard Library.

Learn more on the **Helios** [microsite]().

## Why Helios

**Helios** is the one of the fastest `Json` parser library on `Kotlin` 
with the advantage of the `Arrow` functional programming

## Adding the dependency

**Helios** uses kotlin `1.3.10` version and `Arrow` `0.8.1` version.

To import the library on `Gradle` add the following repository and dependencies:

```groovy
repositories {
      maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
 }
 
dependencies {
    compile "com.47deg:helios-core:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT"
    compile "com.47deg:helios-meta:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT"
    compile "com.47deg:helios-parser:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT"
}
```

## Running Benchmarks

To run the benchmarks comparing Helios with other Json libraries execute the following command:

`./gradlew :helios-benchmarks: executeBenchmarks`

To run the benchmarks with Helios performance execute the following command:

`./gradlew :helios-benchmarks: executeHeliosBenchmark`

Commit message:

fix microsite links and titles

README.md, after:

# Helios

**Helios** is a library used to transform `Json` text into a model and vice versa. 
It's based on a part of the [Jawn Parser](https://github.com/non/jawn) built on `Arrow`, 
a Functional companion to Kotlin's Standard Library.

Learn more on the **Helios** [microsite]().

## Why Helios

**Helios** is the one of the fastest `Json` parser library on `Kotlin` 
with the advantage of the `Arrow` functional programming

## Adding the dependency

**Helios** uses kotlin `1.3.10` version and `Arrow` `0.8.1` version.

To import the library on `Gradle` add the following repository and dependencies:

```groovy
repositories {
      maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
 }
 
dependencies {
    compile "com.47deg:helios-core:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT"
    compile "com.47deg:helios-meta:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT"
    compile "com.47deg:helios-parser:0.0.1-SNAPSHOT"
}
```

## Running Benchmarks

To run the benchmarks comparing Helios with other Json libraries execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew :helios-benchmarks: executeBenchmarks
```

To run the benchmarks with Helios performance execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew :helios-benchmarks: executeHeliosBenchmark
```

## Running Microsite

To run locally the **Helios** microsite you need to execute first this:

```bash
bundle install --gemfile ./helios-docs/Gemfile --path vendor/bundle
```

and then you will be able to run the following command:

```bash
BUNDLE_GEMFILE=helios-docs/Gemfile bundle exec jekyll serve -s helios-docs/build/site/
```
