docs/docs/benchmarks/README.md, before:

---
layout: docs
title: Benchmarking
permalink: /docs/benchmarks/
---

## Current Benchmarks

You can see the current Helios benchmarks [here](https://github.com/47deg/helios/tree/master/benchmarks/master_benchmark.json)

<fortyseven-robeen data-url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/47deg/helios/master/benchmarks/master_benchmark.json"></fortyseven-robeen>

## Comparing Helios

We have [here](https://github.com/47deg/helios/tree/master/benchmarks/libraries_benchmark.json) a benchmark comparison
between Helios and some of the most common Kotlin Json libraries.

<fortyseven-robeen data-url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/47deg/helios/master/benchmarks/libraries_benchmark.json"></fortyseven-robeen>


## Running Benchmarks

To run the benchmarks for comparing Helios with other Json libraries, execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew :helios-benchmarks:executeBenchmarks
```

To run the benchmarks with Helios' performance, execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew :helios-benchmarks:executeHeliosBenchmark
```

Commit message:

Update Hood (#106)
* wip add release plugin

* update hood version

* standard " on gradle files

* fix travis deploy

* delete release plugin

* upgrade hood

* add Hood and Robeen to docs

* some highlights

* missing line

* restore

* rendered sounds cooler so far

* set url

* fix url

docs/docs/benchmarks/README.md, after:

---
layout: docs
title: Benchmarking
permalink: /docs/benchmarks/
---

## Current Benchmarks

You can see the current **Helios** benchmarks [here](https://github.com/47deg/helios/tree/master/benchmarks/master_benchmark.json)

<fortyseven-robeen data-url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/47deg/helios/master/benchmarks/master_benchmark.json"></fortyseven-robeen>

## Comparing Helios

We have [here](https://github.com/47deg/helios/tree/master/benchmarks/libraries_benchmark.json) a benchmark comparison
between **Helios** and some of the most common `Kotlin` `Json` libraries.

<fortyseven-robeen data-url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/47deg/helios/master/benchmarks/libraries_benchmark.json"></fortyseven-robeen>

The benchmark comparison is graphically rendered by [**Robeen**](https://github.com/47deg/robeen) and provided by [**Hood**](https://github.com/47deg/hood).

## Running Benchmarks

To run the benchmarks for comparing **Helios** with other `Json` libraries, execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew :helios-benchmarks:executeBenchmarks
```

To run the benchmarks with **Helios**' performance, execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew :helios-benchmarks:executeHeliosBenchmark
```
